Add capability to skip version checks (#1154)
github/gh-gei: RELEASENOTES.md

> - Skip last version check on startup if environment variable `GEI_SKIP_VERSION_CHECK` is set to `true`
> - Skip GitHub status checking on startup if environment variable `GEI_SKIP_STATUS_CHECK` is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip latest version check on startup if environment variable `GEI_SKIP_VERSION_CHECK` is set to `true`
```
